People are born and live
What is just much mon in this
Try to leave something in the family before you die
I also do not know kicking out
Life Planner Value Sony Life
I 'm out of the feeling of seeking happiness in my life
Anyway, it's everyone's seasonal day while we live zion 4 votes
Have a tag
Life planner value made by Sony
It's hard or difficult for people to live
Well I 'm not sure yet
What was that
Become a life plan
Would that mean to design the life of one bundle
The good Nde guy to work for the people in the Now movement but it is representative respectable
Life Planner Value Sony Life
I miss a book
too hard
Rock space seems so
here we go
I think new
This is it only a painful disposal
here we go
People seed was too regular
I just do not stand against this
I 'm going to be blessed with your family before I die
I do not know
staff
Have there is what only the first et al.
It means that one life will be thoroughly
Oh about what time plan Na'
Elaborate say one to design the Kano order
Target § Is the I'm fine place you want and then the guy work for people
Yup
This is j
I'm fine here when I 'm not here
And Uzann Once fallen to say that I So this day is okay if here
I do not know or something of that very easy to go into a person
If und I do not know how easy something still be Ne by Koga bound tip and the base Wakan
Ne Wakan still
I 'm not sure yet
about
I still do not know
In what
Become a plastic
here we go
voice for is also good
I loved One of the secret plan is to be strange
Delicious coffee 4 e
Even if you are loved one will be
I think it's scary to die is the proof that you can not live
What you can do
I think often that's properly described evidence
Then kick
If you do it, you will be satisfied
It is better to be aware that the target will be full and it should be the field price
It is possible with the
Thank you
Hmm
me
Yeah yeah yeah
Hmm
Wish issue basis you
th
tee
rar
It is a beekeeper when
I do not do it
Yeah yeah
Ah ah ah ah
Five
After all
I'm waiting
ｰｰｰThank you very much
Four days
No Yes to Ma have
Most pa
Yes Yes
Haa
tue
Yes the
Well that's Shave !
Kedomo sometimes and bad good to say I various I've done bought various
Of this time
What do you do for that cm ?
Feeling at home store
I also think that I should not mistake this year
I think it's okay if I can feel at ease
After all this
Kedomo also felt that say do I wish multiplied by the insurance I'm not a left
It was really nice to be at ease
Do I
This time, went measured in as practice of the actor in that his
Also here and poor does not even feel like say that I wonder if the do not have to pay money
But it did not
Even the company I bought
Hmm
Good name
It is beat Takeshi I speak in real intention about that life and achievements
cm Well can Mashitan
By all means everyone's also Kedomo says Look said in real intention It's about life
It is only merely speak in real intention
Don't fight
Nice to meet you
I really
I 'm out of the feeling of seeking happiness in my life
It's everyone's order anyway , while you 're alive, zion 4 votes follow
Life Planner Value Sony Life